President Xiao Buren
Why are you so big and two young so mixed up?
No one doubts that the child is yours
How do you know he's not someone else's fart?
The second young master just wants to win the lady's heart
Look at that.
He didn't even do the Field magazine shoot.
Specially flown in from the US
You don't care anyway, ma'am
I think Second Young Master is a good smoke bomb
I really don't care about courtship
But if he wears my name, he will be a woman
President, you two things
Especially with a great mouth
OK, the nonsense is clear
Go there and grab me
Mr. Luo, do you have anything to do with me?
I just explained it to my mother-in-law yesterday.
I was going to say
But
My mom suddenly found out that you were going to marry Tiantian
I can't say it
My mom can't accept us like this
Let's get married
Even less likely to accept
The fact that I gave birth and then divorced
You disappeared yesterday, I said
Well, don't ignore your own fertility damage
Brought everything for me
Now everyone thinks the child is his
Our secret is kept
The child is safe
You should be grateful for the purpose
Thank him for guaranteeing it's him
Teach me to grow
Are you
Are you ready to promise me?